!**> Define Variables
!define  4001_characters {CHARLOTTE, N.C. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump apologised on Thursday Aug 18 for past remarks that may have caused personal pain as he sought to refocus his message in the face of falling opinion poll numbers in his first speech since shaking up his campaign team this week. Sometimes, in the heat of debate and speaking on a multitude of issues, you o choose the right words or you say the wrong thing, Trump told a crowd in Charlotte, North Carolina. I have done that, and I regret it, particularly where it may have caused personal pain. Too much is at stake for us to be consumed with these issues Trump did not cite any examples of such remarks. The New York businessman has made his tough talkand brash style a selling point of his campaign for the Nov. 8 election, rarely apologising in the face of criticism even from within his own party for own party for comments insulting women, Muslims and Mexican immigrants. In his presidential announcement speech last year, he described some Mexican immigrants as criminals and rapists.He recently faced a barrage of criticism for belittling the family of a Muslim American soldier who died in Iraq in 2004, after the soldier's father spoke out against Trump at the Democratic National Convention last month. The campaign for his Democratic rival, Hillary Clinton, quickly dismissed Trump apology, saying Donald Trump literally started his campaign by insulting people. We learned tonight that his speechwriter and teleprompter knows he has much for which he should apologise,the campaign said in a statement. But that apology tonight is simply a well-written phrase until he tells us which of his many offensive, bullying and divisive comments he regrets and changes his tune altogether. Trailing Clinton in national opinion polls, Trump has tried to reset his campaign, announcing on Wednesday a shakeup of his senior campaign staff for the second time in less than two months. In the past week, he has abandoned his freewheeling style of campaigning, instead using a teleprompter at every rally. Trump also began adding nonrally events to his campaign schedule, visiting a police lodge on Thursday afternoon and hosting a roundtable on Wednesday morning. Previously, Trump had eschewed such events that historically comprise a significant portion of a candidate's time. Trump's speech on Thursday night, echoing remarks earlier in the week in Wisconsin, reached out to minority voters and accused Clinton of being dishonest. So while sometimes I can be too honest, Hillary Clinton is the exact opposite She never tells the truth,Trump said. In this journey, I will never lie to you. I will never tell you something I do not believe. AUTHENTICITY Trump's new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, promised on Thursday he would stick to a more disciplined and uplifting message to voters in the final dash to Election Day without crimping his freewheeling style. Conway said the candidates White House bid could preserve his and still move past a long string of controversies to focus on issues. e would like to take an uplifting, optimistic, policcentric message directly to the American people, Conway told CBS adding she was confident the former reality television star could stick to a sharper message. Wednesdays campaign reshuffle also brought on Steve Bannon, a combative conservative who headed the Breitbart News website, as chief executive officer, in a move seen as giving Trump a chance to emphasise his unconventional style. Conway said the more disciplined approach by Trump, who has never held elective office, would not mean jettisoning his more offhecuff and unpredictable style. going to make sure Donald Trump is comfortable about being in his own skin that he doesn lose that authenticity that you simply cant buy and a pollster cant give youshe said on CNN Trump has so far been unable to extend his appeal beyond white middleclass voters who pack his rallies. Conway said her rise to campaign managh campaign for his}
***!

!contents -R2 -g -p -f -h